hello boys and girls or whatever my name
is Captain Jack Sparrow I take it some
of you heard of me as you may we'll know
there are times almost constantly in
fact where I prefer to look at the world
for the bottom of a glass
rub something like this
may have also heard whisperings and
rumors that Jack Sparrow be recruiting a
crew to undertake a voyage Fountain of
Youth opera course not but even if it
weren't not true you wouldn't be
interested in joining me would you
hey death lies before us as we sail off
to the Fountain of Youth
you could guide an expedition
you are Jack Sparrow there should be a
captain in there somewhere I hear a
rumor
Jack Sparrow's hell-bent to find the
Fountain of Youth don't be a fool Jackie
the fountain will test you was that
really necessary
gentlemen the fountain is the prize
what's your play Jack I thought I should
give you warning we're taking the shit
it's nothing personal
there'd be bangs along the way firstly
mermaids zombies beard the pirate all
pirates fear
if I do not make it to the fountain
neither will you
is that it thanks sir
yes begun again
are we not King how is it we can never
meet without you pointing something at
me there's the jack I know
you know that feeling you getting you're
standing in a high place and there's two
jump
I don't have it
did everyone see that because I will not
be doing it again